Buddies Program BR

What is a Buddy role?
The closest touchpoint to support colleagues during their journey at Abracadabra. It is a reference regarding company procedures and support for development with the manager, working as a hub that facilitates and strengthens the connection between the employee, their manager/lead and HR Team. 

At the same time, buddies go through a development journey where they have the opportunity to share experiences with each other and join training sessions about relevant topics related to management skills and company procedures.


Requirements
1. Mid position in our career plan (at least);
2. Managerial inclination (e.g., “I like helping others to develop professionally”); and
3. Carry the company spirit and culture/eagerness to learn;
4. The candidate should already be an Abracadabrar for at least 6 months.
 
How is it like to be a Buddy?

Well, nobody can answers that question better than our amazing Buddies! Please, check it out!

"The Buddy Program allows us to keep the Abracadabra culture alive, help people, develop ourselves, build friendships, get to know processes, and learn a lot!"
	
Luisa Recker
Product Owner
"One of my career goals is to become a Manager, and I see in the Buddiy Program the opportunity to make myself available and be prepared for this. Without a doubt, the program enhances my knowledge and helps me to impact people around me positively."
	
Augusto Rocha
Product Owner
Buddies Main Responsabilities & Interactions
1:1s with Fellows (at least once a month)
Quarterly Buddy evaluation on Engage
Supporting Managers and giving them inputs about their Fellows
Encouraging Fellows to build SWOT, IDP, Taking Ownership and to align them with the Manager
Onboarding process for newcomers
Keeping 1:1s Memory Board updated
Attrition meetings (weekly)
Making sure the team follows Abracadabra policies and guidelines
Making yourself available for any questions or requests
Reaching out to HR whenever it is needed

Are you already part of Buddy’s program?
Then check out the special website we have prepared for you to have access to the main links and exclusive information about the program.

Click here
Contact us!
If you have any other questions, feel free to reach out to our People Development Team – ac.hr.peopledev@abracadabra.com. We will be more than happy to assist you!